What is it guys and what Mark said.
Now in this video we're going to be making some edits.
OK.
We're going to be working up at the sidebar because we want me to make sure that our Sidebar looks amazing
and then we want to work for as well.
OK so let's get started.
You can just click here to the Customize here or there's two options to customize as widgets and the
footer so you can just come here directly.
OK.
I need to log in first because this is the second them recording the video.
You can see it from my get up that I have changed my clothes.
OK.
So basically I am now logged into this and I also want to open up this is to complete a course dot.
And there we want to just go to the dock dashboard right here and then you can see that we have two
options to customize this whole sidebar and the for.
OK.
Let this be loaded and let this be loaded and you can see that the uploading is also going on in the
background.
So Kate I just want to click close and you can see this is where I can edit this complete sidebar.
OK.
And I can also just click the appearance and then I can go to the vigil tray here and I can completely
edit my whole sidebar from this as well.
OK.
So you feel like you can see it right sidebar.
And we have search recent posts recent Commons archives categories and Meda which is right here exactly
the same.
OK.
So I want to I want to change this up.
So I think it will be much easier for me if I just directly edited from here instead of here.
OK.
So I'm going to come here and then here I'm going to make some changes.
So I want to go to the side break here and here it says the customization where I can discuss it if
I want to.
This is not customizing because this is added by a mentor.
OK.
This is not the actual sidebar the actual sidebar would be on the HTC category page or any category
page where I am.
OK so if I just load this you can see it is going to take me here.
And then if I manage it it's going to work here.
It is not going to work on the main page because we have added this sidebar from the elementary.
OK.
So I'm going to come here and I'm going to come here to the visit's basically.
And in the video section I have this right sidebar I have this for one two three four and this is basically
talking about this.
OK.
So we're going to edit this.
I'm going to just come here to the Rite-Aid bar in here.
I can manage everything.
So search I think search is not needed right here because we already have a search stop here.
So I will just tell you.
You can see it is removed.
I have the recent boast I can show the recent post if I want to I can display the post-date as well.
OK.
So there we go.
It's going to show that post-date that on which date the post was published.
OK.
And then I have the recent comments.
I don't think so if recent comment is necessary and then I have the archives then it's going to show
the dates of the books that when it was published when it was posted here on this blog and then I have
the category so I think categories is really important.
I'm going to just bring it to the top right here so that the category should be here about the post
that we have posted and then we have them add up.
So I don't think so if Amidah is necessary and we have three and we're left with three sidebar things
I want to add a veggie tray here and here it is about me.
So if you want to add about me vigin I think.
Because if you are blogging if you have a personal blog and you want to add about me ventured into right
here because you can see that I am the only user to this blog and every post is published by me you
can see my name right here.
So if you want to add about me section you can add it.
You just have to click here you just have to come here we have to enter your name and then you have
to enter your description your name your color social scale and then you have to also enter these your
social links so you can do that but you will not be adding this cause this is not my personal blog.
A Anyone can come here.
OK.
And then and then you have the custom header navigation custom things because so many Facebook like
box this is important because I want to add the Facebook like box here so I'll just come here.
I'll just click here and you can see it is right here.
I want to add a Facebook title so I'm just going to be entering find us on Facebook.
OK.
And on should be the first letter should be capital.
And then here have the Facebook or else I'm going to enter the phrase mercurial DTP as Cohen's last.
You dot Facebook dot com and you basically need to Krabbe that you are out of any of the page that you
have.
So I'm going to go to the Facebook dot com and see which page I need to just embed right here.
So I can get I can just skim here and go you can see this is the you are el I'm just going to copy to
you.
OK.
And then what I have to do I have to just come here and I have to paste it so you can see that after
piecing it here should be a Facebook page find us on Facebook where anyone can like my Facebook page
my Facebook page sured if he wants to and then I have to vet the height and how I'm on I can also go
with the color scheme so if I want to add it in the footer right here I can go with the dark colors.
It would be dark colors.
OK.
So you can see it.
This is what it's looking.
So I think I like this one.
And then I have to show faces if I want to show the faces of the people that those who have like this
I have the show stream I have the show vaule if I want to show the ball.
So if I just check it out you can see that it here would be a ball coming up here.
Show stream everything would be getting right here.
OK.
But I don't think so if it looks cool.
I'm just going and check this.
And also this unchecked because I don't want to show the ball right here.
OK.
And now I think we are totally done with the Facebook page.
Now what I want we want one more visit.
So I'm just going to go down and you can also display the Instagram photos if you want to.
And you have the displays MailChimp subscription form I think this is also really very important for
a blog.
OK.
We will be discussing later on about the e-mail marketing.
So it's not really much recommended right now.
We will be discussing there will be another section for email marketing that how e-mail marketing works.
OK so you can add that e-mail Chim here should be the subscribe form for that if anyone wants to enter
his e-mail address he can Sandra.
So let's just add it.
But we will be just working with this later on.
OK.
We will be looking at that email marketing there will be a separate section.
So get all the Condren drive to your e-mail in a few months about categories and you'll send it to you.
OK.
Then you have the farm action so you can go over the phone and you can see this is how the newsletter
is working.
OK.
The person will come here.
He will just enter his email and then he will go and his e-mail will be added to our newsletter and
we send him every time e-mail and every post is submitted.
So this is how it works basically.
OK.
We will integrate later on.
Let me come here and I want to just decrease the height of this to 200.
Right now I think it looks pretty good.
I'll just go with the 180
so show water
call.
Okay.
I think it should be 250
because there's no share but Henri.
Okay now we think it looks cool.
Okay.
I have the emails section right here and everything.
I want to add one more I'm going to go back and then sorry I'm going to go down.
I'm going to hit this so that it goes above right here and I want to add a new widget right here so
I can show display recent boast so social icons Staggs cloud Tex cloud is also a great thing.
Okay.
Because if you use some topics here in your post like I showed you about the your post how you can use
the hashtags to your Facebook.
So this is how the tags cloud are going to appear.
I'm going to show you right now.
OK let's just go ahead let's add this right here.
OK.
So it's going to show the tags that we have right here.
So taxonomy would be tags you can also show the categories instead of the tags that the categories will
appear in a cloud so you can see how this is coming category's Android app will watch their HD CMAC
that this is how instead of this it will show all the DAG's that you have used so you can show the tags
because since we don't have any of the tags that is why it is not appearing.
But let's head to.
OK.
I'm just going to hit publish and I'm going to go to my blog right here and let's him let's edit some
of the images.
This is the deal.
OK.
I want to come here.
I'm just going to go here and I'm going to hit it.
So since this post is related to D.L. I'm just going to add a tag that would be Dill that can mean news
or OK I'm just going to add Dell.
No Deal.
Dell.
OK.
News.
Amazing.
Best Company.
So this is how you can add some dogs if you want to.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit a date.
Now you can see that this is going to be appearing right here.
If I just come here.
And I basically just refreshed this el.
Then you will see the tags will appear.
If I just go to the visit here as well.
And then you can see that I go down and you can see tags are coming right here.
So tags basically it's going to show the most recent and most food tags.
And if I just click yes it's going to show the post that has the tags assigned.
So best company in tag is assigned to this post.
That is why this was disgusting so I'm just going to come here and I'm going to open this up.
OK.
This is outrageous basically.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to click this guy right here and it's going to take me right here.
OK.
Now I want I want I want to add a new visit so if I want to add any one more of it I can show a video.
I can chart it caves they control Kolender Kasimir elementary library and many are saved elements.
OK.
And then you have the image so you can also show the image a list of pages you have and text and everything.
So I think now we are totally done with the sideboard here so I think we don't need it pretty well what
is the one more thing that we want to add is that we want to add about the section and these menus to
right here because since we are in a blog page and blogs about a section is either in the Tabari here
or in the footer.
So you have two options if you are creating a blog or about contact us and these links either to the
top prais here or just right here.
Now an added here because here should be here only should there should be the categories or the tags
if you want to add any to not add about the section of stuff otherwise your blog will look messy.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I am going to just add a tray here and then we're going to move further.
So I'm going to go to the menus right here
and let's see how many pages we have.
So I want to create these pages.
I just want to create one in the other.
So I want to create two pages.
The first one is going to be about OK and I want to hit publish.
I want to come here and this one is going to be contact us OK.
And I want to published right here.
So there we go.
We have added this.
Now what I'm going to do.
I just want to add a new menu.
So I'm going to I'm here I'm going to hit create a new menu.
And so now I'm going to come here.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to add menu to.
OK.
And this will be my opinion too.
I'm going to add about this and contact us to the menu too and I'm going to assign this at Tabari here.
I'm going to bring this break here.
And let's go to the save menu to our page basically.
OK.
It's complex like this.
And you can see this is coming right here about us contact us in the e-mail right here.
So everything looks pretty cool.
OK.
We go down we have this sidebar as well.
And now we are totally left with this for which we will be doing in the next video stadium guys and
by.